Most dialogs have a help button that takes you to the relevant online documentation
You can use Ctrl-[ or Ctrl-] to indent/outdent a block of code in Coder view
Both in the Coder and Builder views have a demos menu with plenty of demos
From Builder you can generate and customise the python script that controls your experiment (might be a good way to learn a bit of programming).
Avoid snorting Pepsi
Most buttons have tooltips if you hover over them
PsychoPy can handle many different units (degrees of visual angle, cm...) from your stimuli. But you need to tell it about your monitor first (see the online documentation on General > Units)
Menu items show you the current key bindings (which can be configured in preferences)
Especially for brief stimuli, use frames rather than time to set the start/stop of your stimuli. Most monitor frame rates are precise to the microsecond!
Use the source. PsychoPy comes with all its source code included. If you know python, you'd be surprised how easy it is to find your own bug-fixes. (Warning: can become addictive.)
Builder: right-clicking on any 'color' parameter will bring up the system's color-picker.
The mailing list is a great place to ask questions and receive updates, at http://groups.google.com/group/psychopy-users
If you do write to the mailing list, make it clear whether you're using Builder or Coder interfaces and which version/platform you use.
Coder: Did you try typing python commands in the Shell window yet?
Builder: Documentation on possible code/variables to include in your scripts is available online at; Documentation>Builder>Components>Code
If you buy a computer, avoid "Intel integrated graphics" cards (or make sure you can upgrade to an nVidia/ATI replacement)
Degrees of visual angle are 'device independent'. Normalised units mean that your stimulus will be different on each different computer. Do you really want that?
Builder: you can right click on things to bring up a menu, e.g., to remove a trial.
Coder: you can click the color-picker icon on the toolbar. The rgb color triplet will be saved to the clipboard (in PsychoPy's rgb color units, -1..+1 not 0..255), which you can then paste into a script.
To flip a Patch stimulus, give it a negative 'size', in x, y or both
PsychoPy is free. Please cite the relevant papers (Peirce 2007; 2009) if you use PsychoPy in published work
Coder: most commands like stim.setOri() can also take an operation argument (e.g. '+' to increment orientation)
Builder: To set stimulus position to you variables X and Y, use $[X,Y] not [$X,$Y]. (The $ indicates that the entire entry box is Python code)
In Python the values True and False must have capitals and really just stand for 0 and 1.
Builder: The contents of the dialog box at the start of your experiment is controlled from the Experiment Settings button. Use e.g. expInfo['participant'] to access it within the study
Coder: You can comment/uncomment entire blocks of code with Ctrl-' and Ctrl-Shift-'
Be careful what you wish for
If your image seems to be tiling the patch area (and you didn't want that) then check the setting for spatial frequency (sf). PsychoPy is designed to allow multiple cycles of images
Did your stimulus not appear? Was it really tiny? Setting units='pix' and size=0.1 means it has a size of 0.1 pixels!
The default color values in PsychoPy range from -1 to +1, with 0 being the mean grey of the screen. So black is like the maximum decrement from grey and white is an increment. Right?
Data can be output in many different formats, but it's worth saving the 'psydat' (aka pickle) format as well as the others. Although this isn't "human readable" it stores more information than excel/csv files including an entire copy of your actual experiment!
You can see how many people used PsychoPy this month at http://www.psychopy.org/usage.php